docs: update readme (#1549)
GreptimeTeam/greptimedb: README.md

docker run -p 4002:4002 -v "$(pwd):/tmp/greptimedb" greptime/greptimedb standalone start
```

Please see [the online document site](https://docs.greptime.com/getting-started/overview#install-greptimedb) for more installation options and [operations info](https://docs.greptime.com/user-guide/operations/overview).

### Get started

> Please see the [complete getting started guide](https://docs.greptime.com/getting-started/overview#connect) on our [official document site](https://docs.greptime.com/).

Reviewer: These two lines are both started with `Please see`

> To write and query data, you can find many [clients](https://docs.greptime.com/user-guide/clients).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To write and query data, GreptimeDB is compatible with multiple [protocols and clients](https://docs.greptime.com/user-guide/clients).
```

## Resources

### Installation

- [Pre-built Binaries](https://greptime.com/download):
  For Linux and macOS, you can easily download pre-built binaries that are ready to use. In most cases, downloading the version without PyO3 is sufficient. However, if you plan to run scripts in CPython (and use Python packages like NumPy and Pandas), you will need to download the version with PyO3 and install a Python with the same version as the Python in the PyO3 version. We recommend using virtualenv for the installation process to manage multiple Python versions.

> - [Nightly-built Binaries](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/greptimedb/releases)

Reviewer: nightly downloads are also available on download page

@alili we can add anchors to different sections of donwload page
